influxctl 2.10.2 (#6176)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/clustered/reference/cli/influxctl/table/iceberg/_index.md

---
title: influxctl table iceberg
description: >
  The `influxctl table iceberg` command and its subcommands enable or disable

>   Iceberg-compatible exports for a table in an InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Iceberg-compatible exports for a table in an {{% product-name omit=" Clustered" %}} cluster.
```
